hello and welcome to this accomplished
beginners bloody tutorial number 23 and
this will continue to work with hair and
the of course it's implemented through a
particle systems these two Suzanne's
have the same particle system except for
the way the children are formed so if I
turn this on and turn off the children
you get the regular spikes and that's
true for that one too so they're the
same particle system just different
different children so if i press f12 to
render that this is what you get that
doesn't look very hair like so we'll go
back to 3d view here and turn on the
interpolated children for both so let's
just examine we can also render these
just to see what that looks like and
let's examine them the factors that form
hair and of course there's always lots
of tweaks you want to do all I'm doing
here is just demonstrating the factors
that have a great impact on what the
hair looks like so except for the
material that you're using there's the
render panel where if if you render
strand render or not and this one here
is turn and will turn the strand render
off and this one here we can keep it on
and we'll do that also and you can see
that in the strand render case the one
closest to us is a little bit lighter
and to kind of wisp you're thinner hairs
even though the materials are exactly
the same actually this looks more like
wire or something so if you want to use
that if you don't want to use the Strand
render you have to think about that when
you create your material that it has to
be a little bit different to give
same result or a result that is what
you're looking for so let's look at this
one here and we can turn something more
off we can turn off the kink and then we
can change the length I'll also lower
the amount of display it can take only
five there so we can see a little bit
more the individual strands and if I
increase the length one means it's as
long as the parents are and then there's
fractions of that so that's how that
works and another thing is the endpoint
rough and that does that so if we have a
little bit greater length than that
endpoint rough comes out like that and
also if we turn on wave for instance and
then you can see that the endpoint rough
kind of turns the strands like that and
also you can change change the shape of
that to some degree just keep that and
if we change the amplitude there to 0.02
and the can increase the frequency to
let's say five then when i change this
around you'll see how it so to speak
bends and twists so let's turn back to 2
and the 0.0 let's 55 and then if we
increase the length a little bit
so here we have more endpoint rough and
there is less and render that
and of course you'll have to work you
know tweaking it to find out something
that looks more like hair actually and
you can actually make it look like hair
but in this tutorial we'll just looking
at the you know the different factors
that shape the hair that's going to what
I want to do here is on this one here I
want to turn on the Strand renderer and
also increase the endpoint rough a
little bit more so we can look at that
and render that and see how relatively
wispy the hair is look so this is
something that you have to work with
basically you know trial and error your
way through so that you get a hair that
you like this is it for this tutorial in
the next tutorial talk about the hair
dynamics and the some of the limitations
that are on that in the present version
of blender so I'll think I call this
good for this tutorial and I hope you
enjoyed it I'll talk to you soon bye bye